---
title: r/NoMansSkyTheGame
subtitle: So, I got my brother to download NMS. I started off with the best intentions to help him get going... Then things took a very dangerous turn.
author: u/daneswit
date: Sat, 26 Sep 2020
time: 12:51:28 +0000
---

After loading him up with some basic resources to save him
from farming, we bounced around and I followed him along on
his first few tutorial missions.  

He fixed his starship, we took off, and after getting the
signal needed to land on another planet and build something.  

While he's doing so a sentinal rolls in...  

I freeze.  

He's off trying to navigate menus somewhere...  

Sentinal activates. Scatter blast a few pumps... Moving on.  

Reinforcements incoming...  

Still navigating menus in the distance...  

Me dancing around a sentinal dog reloading my scatter
blaster...  

"How do I make dihydrogen jelly?"  

BLASTING AWAY "OPEN YOUR EXOSUIT MENU AND PRESS CRAFT ON AN
OPEN SLOT" BLAST BLAST, BOOT BOOST TURN AND BLAST.  

"Bro, we gotta leave... Now..."  

What the hell are you doing?  

"Sentinel walker incoming"  

"Bro just get in your ship we gotta leave, they won't stop"  

"Well you gotta figure that KZZZTT out cause I don't even
know why menu I'm in"  

WALKER BEAM COMES BLASTING THROUGH MY FACE 😐  

"OKAY, UMM... WELL TAKE COVER OR SOMETHING OR GET I YOUR
SHIP CAUSE THIS THING IS GOING TO LITERALLY KILL YOU. YOU'RE
JUST A FRAGILE LITTLE BABY INTERLOPER."  

I proceed to dance around this walker taking off pieces of
armor one by one. Just thanking myself in the back of my
head for buying that life support module before grouping
up... Eventually it goes Kzzt and hits the floor. Walker
brain in suit inventory.  

Okay let's go.  

Zoot into space and of course, a subspace scan and the
sentinal FLEET converges on us. 5 off the top and then 6
more on a second wave.  

(Him without knowing how to repair his weapons 😦 watching
me zip around blasting sentinals)  

They backed off and we shot back down to the surface...  

Coincidentally IN THE SAME EXACT SPOT AND GUESS WHO WAS
WAITING FOR US.  

Another walker.  

His portable refiner is on the ground and needs to pick it
up so I land and get to blasting this walker....  

More blasting. Get the plating off and going at the brain...  

And then...  

ZAP ZAP ZAP OUT OF NOWHWHERE and my bro comes flying in
taking down the walker WITH HIS STARSHIP. He fixed it and
saved the freaking day.  

I blast open the capsule and transfer the walker brain to
his inventory.  

Here... You'll need this later.  

I'm so proud. 😭
